Link to relevant guidelines for event-driven architecture (#47)
MicrosoftDocs/well-architected: well-architected/mission-critical/mission-critical-application-design.md

- Loosely coupled services aren't constrained to use the same compute platform, programming language, runtime, or operating system.
- Services can scale independently, optimizing the use of infrastructure and platform resources.
- Failures can be handled separately and don't affect client transactions.
- Transactional integrity can be harder to maintain because data creation and persistence happens within separate services.
- End-to-end tracing requires more complex orchestration.

### Design recommendations

- Key functionality should be deployed and managed as independent loosely coupled microservices with event-driven interaction through well-defined interfaces (synchronous and asynchronous).
- The definition of microservice boundaries should consider and align with critical user-flows.
- Use event-driven asynchronous communication where possible to support sustainable scale and optimal performance.

> - Use patterns like the Outbox and Transactional Session to guarantee consistency so that [every message is processed correctly](/microsoftdocs/architecture-center/blob/main/docs/reference-architectures/containers/aks-mission-critical/mission-critical-data-platform.md#every-message-must-be-processed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use patterns like the Outbox and Transactional Session to guarantee consistency so that [every message is processed correctly](/azure/architecture/reference-architectures/containers/aks-mission-critical/mission-critical-data-platform#every-message-must-be-processed).
```
